Add changelog for 7.9.0 (#24859)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

* redis: added `maintenance_version` field to `google_redis_cluster` resource ([#24740](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/24740))
* storagetransfer: added `transfer_manifest` field to `google_storage_transfer_job` resource ([#24768](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/24768))

BUG FIXES:
* bigquery: added validation for `target_types` in `google_bigquery_dataset_access` ([#24810](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/24810))
* cloudquotas: resolved permadiff for `preferred_value` in `google_cloud_quotas_quota_preference` ([#24776](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/24776))
* compute: fixed scenario where `google_compute_instance` would not be staged for recreation if `guest_accelerator.count` was updated to 0 from non-zero value ([#24762](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/24762))
* managedkafka: fix the order of cluster creation and IAM binding in CMEK test. ([#24789](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/24789))

> * sql: fixed an issue where `dataDiskSize` was unintentionally null instead of set to the current value in API requests, triggering unrelated errors ([#24790](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/24790))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* sql: fixed an issue where `data_disk_size` was unintentionally null instead of set to the current value in API requests, triggering unrelated errors ([#24790](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/24790))
```
